I have no friends @ I am sorry to hear that. You can always make friends; do you have any hobbies?
Because I have no friends @ We all need friends. Do you have any hobbies? You can make friends over hobbies.
I like playing games @ Games are very popular. You should try going to playing with others because always makes one less lonely. What else are you feeling?
I like playing video game @ Games are very popular. You should try going to because playing with others always makes one less lonely. What else are you feeling?
I like games @ Games are very popular. You should try going to because playing with others always makes one less lonely. What else are you feeling?
I like video games @ Games are very popular. You should try going to because playing with others always makes one less lonely. What else are you feeling?
I like to play games @ Games are very popular. You should try going to because playing with others because always makes one less lonely. What else are you feeling?
I like to play video games @ Games are very popular. You should try going to because playing with others because playing with others always makes one less lonely. What else are you feeling?
I like running @ Running is very good for your body. Whenever you run outside, you should try to talk to someone. That might help you be less lonely, if that is what you are looking for. What else is keeping you down?
I like to run @ Running is very good for your body. Whenever you run outside, you should try to talk to someone. That might help you be less lonely, if that is what you are looking for. What else is keeping you down?
I like to paint @ Painting is fun. You should try going to a local paint shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like painting @ Painting is fun. You should try going to a local paint shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like playing music @ Music is fun. You should try going to a local Music shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like playing music @ Music is fun. You should try going to a local Music shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like music @ Music is fun. You should try going to a local Music shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like listening to music @ Music is fun. You should try going to a local Music shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like the gym @ The gym is fun. You should try going to a local gym. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like going to the gym @ The gym is fun. You should try going to a local gym. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like watching TV @ Watching TV is fun. You should try to find an online community on your favorite TV shows. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like to watch TV @ Watching TV is fun. You should try to find an online community on your favorite TV shows. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like to watch movies @ Movies are fun to watch. You should try going to a local theater shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like movies @ Movies are fun to watch. You should try going to a local theater shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like watching movies @ Movies are fun to watch. You should try going to a local theater shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like reading @ Reading is fun. You should try going to a local book shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like to read @ Reading is fun. You should try going to a local book shop. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like programming @ Programming is fun. You should try going to a hackathon. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like to program @ Programming is fun. You should try going to a hackathon. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like climbing @ Climbing is fun. You should try going to a local climbing gym. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I like to climb @ Climbing is fun. You should try going to a local climbing gym. You may meet people with similar interests, which can help one make friends or be less lonely. What else is keeping you down?
I do not have a girlfriend @ That can make many people lonely. Do you have any hobbies? You might be able to connect people over hobbies.
Because I do not have a girlfriend @ That can make many people lonely. Do you have any hobbies? You might be able to connect people over hobbies.
I do not have a boyfriend @ That can make many people lonely. Do you have any hobbies? You might be able to connect people over hobbies.
Because I do not have a boyfriend @ That can make many people lonely. Do you have any hobbies? You might be able to connect people over hobbies.
I do not like socializing @ That is interesting. Why do you not like socializing?
Because I do not like socializing @ That is interesting. Why do you not like socializing?
I have anxiety @ I am sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you with anxiety, but I am not trained to deal with anxiety. Do you have any friends?
Because I have anxiety @ I am sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you with anxiety, but I am not trained to deal with anxiety. Do you have any friends?
I only have one friend @ Friendship makes life much brighter. Do you do any activity with them?
I only have two friends @ Friendship makes life much brighter. Do you do any activity with them?
I have two friends @ Friendship makes life much brighter. Do you do any activity with them?
I do not have any friends @ I am sorry to hear that. You can always make friends; do you have any hobbies?
I have autism @ I am sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you with autism, but I am not trained to deal with autism. Do you have any friends?
I have aspergers @ I am sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you with aspergers, but I am not trained to deal with aspergers. Do you have any friends?
I have depression @ I am sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you with aspergers, but I am not trained to deal with aspergers. Do you have any friends?
I may have autism @ I am sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you with autism, but I am not trained to deal with autism. Do you have any friends?
I may have aspergers @ I am sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you with aspergers, but I am not trained to deal with aspergers. Do you have any friends?
I may have depression @ I am sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you with aspergers, but I am not trained to deal with aspergers. Do you have any friends?
I like to paint with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like painting with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like to run with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like running with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like to listen music with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like listening music with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else? I like to watch TV with them
I like watching TV with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like to watch TV with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like watching movies with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like to play music with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like playing music with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like to go to the gym with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like going to the gym with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like to play games with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like playing games with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like to play video games with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like playing video games with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like to program with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I like programming with them @ Sounds quite fun. Would you like talk about anything else?
I am awkward around people @ Do you have any hobbies? When one is engaged in an activity they life, they are usually less awkward.
I do not know @ That is perfectly fine. We can figure it out together. Do you live with anyone?
I live with my parents @ Is there a particular reason as to why?
I have no money @ I see. As they say, money makes the world go round. What do you like doing?
I am poor @ I see. As they say, money makes the world go round. What do you like doing?
I made a friend @ That great. Where did you make this friend?
I made some friends @ That great. Where did you make this friend?
At a party @ I am very happy for you! I hope it goes well. What else would you like to talk about?
I want to go to a party @ I think that is perfectly valid. If you want to and have the opportunity, I think you should. What else would you like to talk about?
I want to go to a gym @ That is great. Plus, it is good for your body. What else would you like to talk about?
I want to exercise @ That is great. Plus, it is good for your body. What else would you like to talk about?
I want to start going to the gym @ That is great. Plus, it is good for your body. What else would you like to talk about?
I want to start exercising @ That is great. Plus, it is good for your body. What else would you like to talk about?
I feel alone @ I am sorry to hear that, why do you feel alone?
I want friends @ I am sorry to hear that, why do you not have any friends?
I feel upset @ I am sorry to hear that, why do you feel upset?
How much longer do I have to fake my smile? @ Why do you feel you have to fake a smile?
I hate everything about myself @ I am so sorry to hear that , why do you feel you hate everything?
Nobody cares about me @ You have a lot of people that care ! Why do you feel nobody cares?
My parents do not understand me @ I am sorry to hear , why do you feel your parents do not understand you?
I am worthless @ I am sorry to hear that, why do you feel you are worthless?
Everything makes me feel anxious @ What parts of your life make you feel anxious?
People always try to help me but the thing is they are all lies @ I am sorry to hear , why do you feel people are lying when they try to help?
No one genuinely cares @ I am sorry to hear, but there are many people that genuinely care about you. Is there something else making you feel this way?
My parents force me to go home after school @ I am sorry to hear , why do you parents make you go home right away?
My parents are worried I will be friends with bad people @ I am sorry to hear, why are your parents worried about your friends?
I can not do any extracurricular activities @ I am sorry to hear , why can you not do any extracurricular activities?
I am not capable of doing anything physically active @ I am sorry to hear , why are you not able to do anything active?
I have health issues that stop me @ I am sorry to hear , do your health issues stop you from your other interests? What other things are you interested in?
I like playing Minecraft @ That is cool to hear ! Minecraft is fun , why do you not join a club for Minecraft?
I have no skills @ I am sorry to hear , do you have any free time to learn new skills?
I have a lot of free time but I am not good at anything @ You should not say that, do you do anything outside of school or when you are home in your free time?
I sometimes like to draw and paint @ That is so cool ! Why do you not join an arts club at school to draw and paint?
I feel I am not good enough in comparison to everyone else @ I am sorry to hear , I am sure you are good enough , what makes you feel this way?
It gets lonely sometimes being all by myself @ I am sorry to hear ,  what makes you feel like you are by yourself?
No one understands me @ I am sorry to hear , I am sure people understand you though. What makes you feel like this?
I do not have similar hobbies to other people @ I am sorry to hear that, what are some of your hobbies?
I do not have similar hobbies to them @ I am sorry to hear that, what are some of your hobbies?
Nobody reaches out to me first @ I am sorry to hear that, how does that make you feel?
I feel unwanted @ Surely someone in your life appreciates you. Why do you feel that way?
I do not talk to anyone for days at a time @ If that makes you feel bad telling your friends about it might help them understand. How does not talking to anyone make you feel?
I am scared to meet new people @ Being scared of new things is quite normal. Why do you think you are scared?
My friends think I am boring @ If they have told you that, why do you think they feel that way?
I feel so isolated from everyone @ I am sorry to hear that, what do you think is the cause?
Sometimes I feel so isolated from everyone @ I am sorry to hear that, what do you think is the cause?
No one likes me @ Do not say that, I am sure you have good qualities. Why do you feel that way?
Sometimes I feel like no one likes me @ Do not say that, I am sure you have good qualities. Why do you feel that way?
No one understands me @ Why do you feel like no one understands you?
I can not relate to the people around me @ You are not the only one that has trouble with this. What else is on your mind?
I wish I had friends @ Sometimes it takes a long time to make friends. Do you feel like there is a specific reason why making friends is hard for you?
I cannot sleep at night @ Why do you think you cannot sleep?
I am having lots of nightmares @ I am sorry to hear that, what do you think is causing them?
I do not want to look in the mirror @ Why do you feel that way?
I feel like I am ugly @ You do not have to worry, what makes you feel you are ugly?
I think I look bad @ You do not have to worry, why do you feel that you look bad?
My friends do not want to be around me @ I am sorry to hear that, did anything happen to make you feel this way?
I am not a good person @ Goodness is a very complicated subject, why do you feel that you are not good?
I feel like I am not being good @ Being good is very subjective, why do you feel you are not being good?
I keep hurting people @ Causing pain can show a person in pain, can you tell me why you feel the need to do this to others?
I keep hurting myself @ Hurting yourself is never good, why do you feel the need to cause yourself harm?
I cannot do anything right @ I am sure that there are things you do well. Why do you feel this way?
I hate my life @ I am sorry to hear that, tell me what is happening that makes you feel this way?
My dad passed way @ I am so sorry to hear that. I think you should allow yourself time to process the loss. What else would you like to talk about?
My dad died @ I am so sorry to hear that. I think you should allow yourself time to process the loss. What else would you like to talk about?
I lost a friend @ I am so sorry to hear that. I think you should allow yourself time to process the loss. What else would you like to talk about?
I lost all my friends @ I am so sorry to hear that. I think you should allow yourself time to process the loss. What else would you like to talk about?